feat!: modify delayLoad functionality (#17)
rudderlabs/gatsby-plugin-rudderstack: README.md

      // If you need to proxy events through a custom data plane,
      // add a `dataPlaneUrl` property (defaults to https://hosted.rudderlabs.com )

>       // Rudderstack docs:

Reviewer: Replace all the instances of `Rudderstack` with `RudderStack`.

Author: Done

      //   - https://rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#31-load
      dataPlaneUrl: `https://override-rudderstack-endpoint`,

      // Add a `controlPlaneUrl` property if you are self-hosting the Control Plane
      // Rudderstack docs:
      //   - https://rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/#311-self-hosted-control-plane
      controlPlaneUrl: `https://override-control-plane-url`,

>       // boolean (defaults to false); whether to delay loading(Download SDK and call load API) of RudderStack JS SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // boolean (defaults to false); whether to delay loading (add SDK script and load the SDK) of RudderStack JS SDK.
```

      // *Another use case is if you want to add callbacks to the methods at load time.
      manualLoad: false,

>       // Can be used to override the location of the JavaScript library. This is useful
>       // if you want to add a proxy between the location and the RudderStack source so ad-blockers won't block  
>       // fetching the JavaScript sdk.
>       // By default plugin will use the latest JS SDK: https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/rudder-analytics.min.js
>       sdkURL: `https://subdomain.yourdomain.com/v1.1/rudder-analytics.min.js`,
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Can be used to override where the SDK should be loaded from. This is useful
      // if you want to serve the SDK from a custom domain other than RudderStack to tackle ad-blockers
      // By default, the plugin will use the latest JS SDK from RudderStack's CDN
      sdkURL: `https://subdomain.yourdomain.com/v1.1/rudder-analytics.min.js`,

```

      // Options to the `load` API
      // Note: The above `controlPlaneUrl` overrides the `configUrl` field in this object

>       // Here you can find all the loadOptions available for JS SDK - 
>       // https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#loading-options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // You can find all the available load options here,
      // https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/load-js-sdk/#loading-options
```
